chore: relax subgraph publish requirement and update docs (#1712)
apollographql/apollo-cli: docs/source/commands/subgraphs.mdx

The URL that your supergraph uses to communicate with the subgraph in a [managed federation architecture](/federation/managed-federation/overview/).

> **Required** the first time you publish a particular subgraph. You can provide an empty string if your subgraph isn't deployed yet, or if you aren't using managed federation, though you will need to pass the `--allow-invalid-routing-url` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Required** the first time you publish a particular subgraph. If your subgraph isn't deployed yet, or if you aren't using managed federation, you can pass an empty string. Passing an empty string requires you to set the `--allow-invalid-routing-url` flag.
```
